match deprecation language as other pages (#8178)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/workflows.md

## Scheduling a workflow
{: #scheduling-a-workflow }

> NOTE: **The deprecation of the scheduled workflows feature has been postponed**. Since the deprecation announcement went live, your feedback and feature requests have been monitored and it is clear there is more work to do in order to improve the existing scheduled pipelines experience, and also make migration easier for all. Updates on a new deprecation timeline will be announced here and on link:https://discuss.circleci.com/[CircleCI Discuss].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The deprecation of the scheduled workflows feature has been postponed**. Since the deprecation announcement went live, your feedback and feature requests have been monitored and it is clear there is more work to do in order to improve the existing scheduled pipelines experience, and also make migration easier for all. Updates on a new deprecation timeline will be announced here and on [CircleCI Discuss](https://discuss.circleci.com/).
{: class="alert alert-note"}
```
